hey guys in this video I got a great
topic that almost everyone has been
waiting for for a very long time on
their iPad iPhone or iPod Touch and this
week news was announced that flash
player for the iphone ipod touch and
ipad was finally released now this isn't
the full flash player the way that this
was actually or the way that this
actually came to be was through a
package that comex released called fresh
fr a sh you guys don't know what
freshers I had a previous video on this
which will be an annotation and in
description for you guys to check out
but essentially what it was was a little
mod to any Apple device that actually
allowed you to view flash content on
your device and work it like the real
internet on any desktop computer or any
other device than you have in this video
I'm going to teach you how to actually
install flash player on any Apple device
you have iphone ipod touch and ipad and
this is the easiest way I think to do it
and yeah let's get to it so for this
actually happened you need to be
jailbroken if you aren't jailbroken
there's a link in the description to my
past video on jailbreaking as well as an
annotation now i also have an unlock
video just for those who of you who are
interested there's no link in the
description and an annotation so once
you are jailbroken you'll get this
program called cydia as you can see on
my home screen um and what you're going
to want to do to install flash you're
going to want to open up cydia first so
let it load up it might take a little
bit if you just jailbroke just wait for
it
alright once it is loaded up you can
want to go to the manage tab sources
edit add and you're going to want to add
the source that I have in the
description as well as in text right now
and the repo is our EP 0 dot b e and m
dot 80 once you type that in hit add
source and it will refresh I already
added it so I'm not going to add it
again but once it refreshes you'll be at
this screen you're going to want to hit
done and as you can see I have the
Benham that repo added which I'm
clicking that right now once you
actually have that added go ahead and
click on it excuse me once you click on
it you'll get a bunch of packages you
won't get the Benham at source GUI fresh
fresh toggle and PDF exploit Warner so
obviously the package you're going to
want to install is fresh so go ahead and
click on it in the upper right mind says
modify but yours will say install so hit
install and then confirm it again it
will install um I'm not gonna install
again as I already have and just for
general purposes install the fresh
toggle this makes it easy to turn fresh
or flash player on and off once you
actually install it so you don't waste
battery so then go ahead and hit install
again mine says modify and yeah once you
have those two installed go ahead and
exit cydia reboot your device and you
have flash player installed now I'm
going to go ahead and actually give you
a live demo of how this works and it is
pretty cool guys so what you're going to
want to do is load up a website that
actually has flash player or flash
content on it as you can see I have
nytimes running up here um and hopefully
as you guys can see ya as you can stay
down here in the bottom right is
actually a box that says well actually a
box that says flash so every
I'm something a flash contact comes up
on the web you're going to see this
little box that says flash and what
you're going to do is just simply click
on it and as you can see you guys that
flash content is actually playing on my
device now it is really cool and it
works very well for most things you can
actually as you can see it actually is
working and you can actually view flash
content straight from your device and
this is the easiest way to install flash
and finally we actually have it on a
device will this work for games i'm not
really sure we will have to wait and see
but it is the first time we actually
have real flash player on a device now
what did I have you installed the toggle
for fresh for sbsettings which is
another app I'm a review later what you
do to turn off fresh or turn it back on
slide across across the status bar you
will get the list little pop-up and you
simply tap on fresh to turn it off your
Safari will exit and fresh will now be
turned off you want to turn it back on
simply slide and hit fresh again and it
will be on so that's how you turn fresh
on and off hopefully you guys enjoyed
this video all the links will be below
this is the easiest way I found to
install flash on all three devices
iphone up a touch and iPad again
hopefully they will update this flash
player as it is a little bit buggy but
other than that great way to view flash
content and this helped you out in any
way please subscribe and please rate
thumbs up I greatly appreciate it you
guys are the best and follow me on
twitter which is which is in the
description as well as well as visit my
website and i will catch you guys the
next bid peace